docs: Update features docs (#15122)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/features/vscode-advanced-mobile-debugging.md

Both [Source Link](https://github.com/dotnet/designs/blob/main/accepted/2020/diagnostics/source-link.md) and "Sources embedded inside PDB" features are used by Uno Platform and are supported by the extension.

> However, only Android includes the `.pdb` of the referenced assemblies inside debug builds for net6.0. This makes the features unusable for iOS, macOS and Mac Catalyst, see [issue](https://github.com/xamarin/xamarin-macios/issues/11879#issuecomment-1279452073).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, only Android includes the `.pdb` of the referenced assemblies inside debug builds for net6.0. This makes the features unusable for iOS, macOS, and Mac Catalyst, see [issue](https://github.com/xamarin/xamarin-macios/issues/11879#issuecomment-1279452073).

```

      "comment4": "// * {tfm} is the target framework moniker, e.g. net6.0-ios",
      "comment5": "// * {config} is the build configuration, e.g. 'Debug' or 'Release'",
      "comment6": "// * {rid} is the optional runtime identifier, e.g. 'osx-arm64'",
      "comment7": "// E.g. 'Uno: net6.0-ios | Debug | iossimulator-x64', 'Uno: net6.0 | Debug' for Skia.Gtk",
      "preLaunchTask": "Uno: net6.0-android | Debug | android-x64"
    },
    ```

1. Follow the comments to construct the launch required by your target platform, for example:

    ```json
    {
      "name": "net7.0-ios | simulator | x64",
      "type": "Uno",
      "request": "launch",
      "preLaunchTask": "Uno: net7.0-ios | Debug | iossimulator-x64"
    },
    ```

If you follow the `Uno: {tfm} | {config}[ | {rid]}]` convention then there is no need to add entries inside the `tasks.json` file, the extension already provides them.

### Customizing tasks.json

The extension provides default build tasks for most platforms without the need to define them inside the `tasks.json` file.
If you need to define tasks or something that the default built-in tasks do not provide, you can create your own.

> 1. Press the `Shift+Cmd+P` keys to open the **Command Palette**.
> 1. Select the `Tasks: Configure Tasks` item.
> 1. Pick the `Uno: *` task that is the closed to your need.
> 1. Edit the `args` section but avoid changing the other values (beside the `label`) to keep automation working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Press the `Shift+Cmd+P` keys to open the **Command Palette**.
1. Select the `Tasks: Configure Tasks` item.
1. Pick the `Uno: *` task that is the closest to your need.
1. Edit the `args` section but avoid changing the other values (besides the `label`) to keep automation working.
```
